a lot of fun
start free for the tenth cream 21
youngtimer rally and there after ten
years already almost legendary
talking can also become legendary
started the grand-prix-track
nürburgring
150 shares in the seventies and
Eighties on the traces of
sebastian vettel and fernando alonso im
jubilee year, the rally is more popular
than ever
almost twice as many applications as it
There are start places this year
received
the makers around the cream 21 have
again a beautiful route
picked out the participants
Germany Luxembourg and France
leads
As always, the motto is fun
cultural remains and its
Being faithful means one leaves it
take it easy
whoever first here in goal s has a long time
not won skill and
be understood at different
stretched exam to the test
Five cities should be best on the
land
oh yes now 876 says that i was 877
Of course you are right
still
minecraft 21 seconds more in it
helpless
steffen an edding are all the same
put there is no celeb
Bonus for ochsenknecht offspring wilson
gonzales the actor and director
is there for the first time and learns
easy once the rabbit is running
with you and ask of the
pens in the suitcase as many
of them have a blue angel too
write in blue color
There were so many in there, we wanted to
But that's what you have to say too many
will be another free it will be up
the card stand
the shot went to the back
but the beautiful is that too
Old-established crimson often has no idea
Also next to the track will be the
driving characteristics checked so must to
example on the test site of opel in
horseback riding a short twice
be in exactly the same time
for differences of 0 01 seconds per
round the level of the
this year's cream off so
but no, not even that
Participants in the flight exhibition
junior in hermeskeil arrive here
waiting for the special exam of the car image
Classics based on photos have to be rims
be assigned to the right car
a little luck but many
we just found an open one here
which had the original on it
who get assigned to each wheel rim
lost nothing direction
rüsselsheim
who's the fastest car here now
a park also wins the final exam
and can go directly to the big party
rev up
the tenth cream21 is coming to an end
contrary to over 1000 driven
kilometers reach the participants
Frankfurt five days rally feeling the
unfortunately too fast at one
go by
after the cream is but before the cream
and we look forward to the eleventh cream
we want to start and end it too
but registration is mandatory
program
no question , everything just fit
from far away the distance was great
people super nice so anytime again
It was fantastic again and I will
do it again
as always gave us a murderous fun made
great route been luxembourg france
and have the games with you
already really rare so it is
always comes back again and again
new again in the car has held out
if you relax a relaxed
rally want to take part only applies to the
cream 21